Downloaded from
YTS.MX
- Hi. I'm DeeDee.
- And I'm Whitney.
Three years ago.
we fell in love.
And me and my three kids...
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[DeeDee]
And me and my four kids...
[Whitney]
Decided to move in together.
[DeeDee] And we became
one big family.
We're marching.
We're marching down the road.
[Whitney]
I decided to propose to her.
Yes.
[Whitney]
Then she proposed to me.
Now. would you marry me back?
[screams]
And we're engaged.
So. now.
we're headed down the aisle
with our blended family.
- Let's go!
Ugh! Everything's okay.
Mom. [laughs]
[DeeDee]
But being a lesbian couple
with seven kids. in a small
town in North Carolina.
definitely has its challenges.
- Oh. shoot!
- [Whitney] Oh!
[Mickey] They have a lot
working against them.
The town we live in.
splitting from their exes.
Still have mixed
reversed feelings to you.
[Mickey] Family.
[Davena] But every
relationship has issues.
I don't think they're ready
for marriage.
I think these girls
are in over their heads.
[Whitney] Through it all.
we've grown together. stronger.
- [screams]
- She's just my sister.
Don't worry about it.
[Whitney] We may look
a little different
than your average family.
but we promise.
we love the same.
we laugh the same.
[DeeDee] We're just like
everyone else.
[Whitney] No.
Two moms is better.
[all] This is our life
with two moms.
[Whitney] One per kid. okay?
[DeeDee] One per kid.
We are one. two. three.
four. five. six. seven.
You're all here.
- Say cheese.
- Cheese.
- All right. you ready?
- Mmm-hmm.
- Okay.
- Are you ready?
- Mmm-hmm.
- Okay.
- Three. two--
- One.
Action.
- [Whitney] Thumbs up.
- [all] Thumbs up.
- [Whitney] Elbows back.
- [all] Elbows back.
- Feet apart.
- Knees together.
We're marching.
We're marching down the road.
I have no explanation
on how two straight women
just fell in love
with each other.
[Whitney] Okay. You done?
[Whitney] Sexy mama.
I love you.
- I mean. hop up.
- I couldn't do it.
[DeeDee] But you know what?
We did.
[Whitney] Oh. I'm sorry. babe.
It's over here.
Your arms are gonna...
[laughs]
At your service.
I'm from New York.
I was born and raised
in Brooklyn.
Whoo-whoo.
Growing up in New York.
we had a nice. big home.
My parents had
a really good relationship.
so I think I had
a really good childhood.
I wouldn't trade it or change it
for anything in the world.
For anything in the world.
Tell mommy. There you go.
- Oh. my God. Oh!
- Oh!
- Jealousy.
Whoa!
We share Mommy. okay?
[DeeDee]
When I was in grad school.
I met my now ex-husband. Will.
Will and I were together
for nine and a half years.
And while we were together.
we had three amazing children.
Kailynn. Zuri. and Zamir.
When I grow.
I wanna be a surgeon
'cause they make a lot of money.
[DeeDee] My fourth kid
is my stepdaughter. Damiya.
who I've known
since she was five years old.
What do you wanna be
in the wedding?
You wanna be the Pride?
Oh. okay.
I always pictured
the "perfect life."
Like. white picket fence.
You know.
the picture-perfect family.
the mom. the dad. the kids.
And now. I mean. I'm a lesbian.
I'm in an interracial
relationship.
I didn't expect any of this
for myself.
You wanna support your mommies?
Yeah. you love us?
You do? We love you too. bud.
I married
my high school sweetheart
at the age of 18.
and we were married
for 11 years.
My ex-husband was my first.
because I was taught
that you have to be a virgin
when you get married.
Follows married.
I had three kids.
a daughter. Brooklyn.
a son Beckham.
and another little girl.
Brennan.
Which one do you guys like more.
Mama or Mommy?
- Mama.
- Who's the meanest?
- Mommy.
- Ma.
What?
I'm Mommy.
And I'm Mama.
because DeeDee didn't like
how southern that sounded.
- [Whitney] Who's the nicest?
- Me.
Who thinks Mommy is the nicest?
- Raise your hand.
- Yeah.
- I. I think--
- [DeeDee] I'm offended.
Y'all wanna get ice cream?
[all] Yeah!
All right. follow Mommy.
- One. two. three--
- Four. five. six. seven.
Okay.
The world is changing.
Unfortunately. our town
is not changing quickly.
All right.
We have a big order.
And same sex relationships
are still very iffy.
Mommy. I'm ready.
How do girls and girls
have baby?
[Kailynn]
So. how about two girls.
how do they have babies?
How do two girls have babies?
- [DeeDee] Uh-huh.
- Damiya. you wanna answer it?
- [laughter]
- LGBTQ is not heard of
where we're at.
So. that community is
definitely one we don't have here.
- You look so cute.
- I'm so excited.
So ready to dance.
We met doing dance class.
I was her instructor.
[Whitney]
It had been about six months
after I had been divorced
before I met DeeDee.
Ask him what you
want to ask him with the arm.
Oh. okay. So. for every
day. I'm still confused on it.
'cause I go. and then I go
to the right or the left first?
You go to the...
She go this way
and I go to this way.
[clear throats]
I do.
[laughter]
- Right.
- No.
- Oh.
- [DeeDee] See?
Yeah. that one's pretty cute.
She has better rhythm because...
- Mmm-hmm.
- She was born with it.
But I had to work for mine.
I was not blessed
with the best rhythm.
but I worked hard.
and I really feel like...
I don't dance like
a crazy White girl.
- Eyy! Eyy!
- [laughter]
I'm so White.
- All right. y'all.
- Left first?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Hey!
So. my connection with DeeDee.
it was instant.
Hey!
Now. we step it up.
As months went by.
and we became friends...
I started to confide in her
about a lot of things.
you know.
my relationship issues.
- Eyy! Eyy!
- [woman] What? What?
Eyy!
[Whitney] We're talking a lot
about. like. the men in my life
that were just constantly
giving me problems.
- Eyy!
But we just became closer
and closer.
And then. I started asking her
more questions. like.
"Have you ever thought
about being with the woman?"
Uh. no. I... [chuckles]
- Eyy! Eyy! Eyy!
- Wait!
- Eyy!
- Okay!
So. one day after dance class.
we drove. and we went into.
like. a parking lot.
and she ended up winning over.
and kissing me.
I had never kissed a woman.
and I didn't really know
how it was gonna be.
But that was a big change for me
because I felt butterflies.
and I began seeing DeeDee
in another way.
Kissing Whitney.
I just put sparks in my eyes
and in my body and...
[sighs]
And that's when I realized
that I loved her.
Her kiss stole me away.
I don't know how you all feel
when you all kiss people.
When I kiss her.
it goes everywhere.
[Whitney] I didn't expect
a little fun kiss
to completely change
my entire identity.
but it did.
And it was scary as hell.
because I instantly knew
I could not lose her.
[DeeDee] After I kissed her.
every night.
like. I would go to sleep.
I would think about her.
It just kept building
and building.
And I couldn't get her
out of my mind.
Yes. look at you.
- That is...
- No.
- Teamwork. babe.
- I thought it was just--
- I love you.
- I love you too.
I was aware that I was
falling in love with Whitney.
and it made me
very confused and scared.
because at the time.
I was married to Will.
and struggling
to make my marriage work.
[woman speaking]
[DeeDee] We're hoping
for this fall.
- [Whitney] Yes. definitely.
- [DeeDee] Fall 2022.
It was kind of. like.
a boom explosion.
It was just. like.
one day popped up.
boom. we're a couple.
And we were all like. "What?
When?"
It was confusing
because we knew them
to be straight.
She wants to take
my last name. y'all.
[woman speaking]
Griffith.
We're gonna take her last name.
[Mickey] They have a lot
working against them.
The town we live in.
splitting from their exes.
church. family.
I think these girls
are in over their heads.
[Whitney] You are so gonna be
the event planner. girl.
You're. like. mad good...
- [DeeDee] Mad creative.
- At planning events.
[Whitney] All of our kids
were...
- [laughter]
- Yeah. Yeah. I am creative.
[DeeDee]
LaQuana is my oldest sister.
and Davena is the middle sister.
The sisterhood we have
together is so important to me.
Hello. My name is LaQuana
and I am DeeDee's oldest sister.
I'm Davena.
And I'm DeeDee's middle sister.
Things with my sisters
right now are really awkward.
They don't like Whitney.
[Davena] I think that Whitney
makes DeeDee happy
from what I see.
But every relationship
has issues.
I don't think they're ready
for marriage still.
Thank you y'all
for coming. guys.
[DeeDee] Whitney helped me
to embrace me.
and she is my future.
I want her forever.
- Yeah. it was good.
- You were awesome.
[Whitney] Did everybody have
a good day?
- Yes.
[sighs] This one's a long day.
but it's time to wind down.
All right. guys.
we need to say our prayers.
and then we're gonna have
to go to sleep.
because me and Mommy are tired.
[DeeDee] Exhausted. guys.
- Who wants to pray?
- Me.
All right. Kai.
You can say our prayer.
All through my childhood.
I mainly did everything
in the church.
♪ Kiss me like you
Wanna be loved ♪
I was a worship leader
for 10 years.
That was my favorite
thing to do.
It was how I showed my heart
for the Lord.
♪ Falling in love ♪
All right. everybody.
quiet mouth.
Close your eyes.
[Kailynn]
Now. I lay me down to sleep.
I pray the Lord my soul to keep.
When I came out.
I was no longer allowed
to lead worship.
As a Christian.
you're able to come
to church as a lesbian.
but you cannot be
in a lesbian relationship.
and be on the leadership team
of our church.
So. I was made to step down.
That was the hardest thing
that I've ever experienced.
I was open and honest
about loving a female.
That is the only thing
that changed.
[Kailynn] If I should die
before I wake.
I pray the Lord my soul to take.
I lost who I was for the first.
you know. 20-something
years of my life.
I lost friends
that I thought were truly
my deep friends.
And my family
is super conservative.
My grandmother still prays
that I will get back with my ex.
She does not condone
my relationship with DeeDee.
[Kailynn] Amen.
I love my family.
- [DeeDee] Aww!
- [Whitney] Awesome. guys.
So. to go from having
a support system for years.
the same people that
loved me that. you know.
looked up to me. to then them
completely turning their backs
and being. like. "You're no
longer accepted as a leader."
I never thought that it would
happen to me. you know?
I'm tired.
I don't wanna go to work
in the morning.
- Well.
- Got to make this money.
It's just getting
what. money? Yeah.
[Whitney] I was forced
to choose between
who I love. and what I love.
By keeping DeeDee.
I chose who I love.
and it has been
the biggest blessing
that I've ever experienced.
- I love you.
- I love you. too.
[Whitney] I'm so tired.
[all] Coming up...
- Dad!
- Oh.
We decided to invite Will.
and DeeDee's sisters.
[DeeDee] Oh. they're here.
[Will speaking]
Come on here.
Careful.
[DeeDee] Hi. baby!
I missed you.
Look how big I get.
- [Zuri speaking]
- Go ahead.
[DeeDee] Look how big I get.
Look how big I get.
Oh! Hey. Zuri. how was school?
Okay. Mmm-hmm.
- How was school. y'all?
- It was boring.
[DeeDee] Oh. gosh.
look at your hair.
Who did your hair? Your dad?
Went and got
his haircut today. so--
I see. It looks so good.
- I have a bald head.
- [woman] You have a bald head?
[Will] It's not...
Not completely.
I met Will when
I was clubbing. [laughs]
I used to like partying
all the time.
I was young. fun.
and I knew how to turn up.
- And what's going on with you?
- [Will] Typical teen.
- [laughter]
- Okay.
[Will]
She wanna TikTok all day.
Ah. You all can go in.
I'll talk to your dad
for a second.
[Will] All right.
Where my hug at?
- Don't act new.
- [DeeDee chuckles]
- All right. Love you.
- [Zuri] Bye.
When I saw DeeDee at the club
back then. I was. like.
"She's all right."
And we exchanged numbers
and kept it going from there.
[DeeDee]
Look at those muscles.
[Will] All right. big man.
He's strong like me. anyway.
- Like you?
- [laughter]
- No.
- I decided to marry Will
because I thought that's
what I was supposed to do.
You know. I was in my mid-20s.
who was about to start a family.
I just felt comfortable
and safe.
And it felt right at the time.
So. how was the kids
this weekend at the house?
[sighs] Zamir. his attitude
all weekend
has been up and down.
What DeeDee and I had
was very unique.
It was a one of a kind
relationship.
Some of our friends
were looking at us
as relationship goals
at the time.
and it was just
a wonderful situation
between the two of us.
When me and Will started
dating. I made it really clear to him
that I like women.
He thought it was cool.
He didn't see nothing
wrong with that.
He asked me like.
"Are you still.
you know. into women?"
I'm like. "Yeah."
I knew she was attracted
to women.
but I never knew that
that was a void
that she was missing.
How's everything going?
Uh. I'm making it.
just still sore from surgery.
but other than that. I'm good.
When I told Will
I wanted a divorce.
he was furious.
Like. he started crying.
It was bad.
You know. I was truly in love
with that woman.
And I felt like
that was the woman
that I was gonna be with
until I took my last breath.
You got somebody helping you?
No. I'm all by myself.
Solo-dolo.
It's not that
I don't wanna date.
it's just like. um. still have
mixed reserved feelings
to you. unfortunately.
I never really wanted
to leave him
or break up my marriage.
But the things
that were missing
in my relationship
was all within me.
The emptiness that I felt
was me wanting to be
with a female.
He was fulfilling his role
as the husband and the man
in the house.
but I just wasn't happy.
Good morning. girls.
It's time to wake up. baby.
Hmm.
We've blended our family
about a year
after we had gotten together.
After we had gotten together.
We decided to move in together.
and put all of our kids
in the same household.
and start our life.
You're so cute.
[DeeDee] Our triplets don't
have the same color skin.
but they are definitely
triplets.
- [kids] We're triplets.
- [woman laughs]
[woman] How old are you. guys?
Four.
Three.
Cheese.
My name is Brynnen.
[DeeDee] Brynnen is talkative.
loud. and curious.
My name is Zuri.
[Whitney] Zuri is shy. sweet.
and very smart.
My name is Zamir.
[DeeDee] Our Zamir.
he is loud. skeptical.
and has a mind of his own.
It's time we go for school.
We gotta catch the bus. okay?
Beckham is seven.
And he's the epitome
of a middle child.
Of a middle child.
Get him on. bang!
He is a video gamer
and he is quite the jokester.
It's chocolate
just like your wife.
- Did you hear him?
- [laughter]
Oh. my gosh. Beckham.
You're right. though.
The best part of having a family
is having a lot of siblings.
[evil laugh]
[Whitney] It's time
to get up. baby girl.
We gotta get up. The bus
will be here soon. okay?
- Okay.
- Mmm-hmm.
[DeeDee] Brooklyn and Kailynn
are our twins.
Ooh. bless their souls.
[screams]
We might not have
the same color skin.
but we're still twins.
- Twins.
[Whitney]
They fight like twins.
And they love like twins.
Brooklyn stole all of my stuff.
You did steal my...
The makeup?
Oh. my gosh.
I love having a sister.
It's just so fun.
[Whitney] Kailynn
is a little introverted.
somewhat shy.
She's a straight-A student.
and very mature for her age.
[DeeDee] Brooklyn is outgoing.
creative. and messy.
I've got this.
You've got this. girl.
She's a tough. sassy cookie.
- [DeeDee] Hold it.
- [laughs]
- [DeeDee] Morning.
- [all] Morning.
- I don't know.
- She'd better be awake
and dressed. We gotta go.
[Whitney] Damiya is the
most lovable kid we have.
She's 16 years old.
and out of all of our kids.
she would be the one
to come cuddle with us.
We wouldn't didn't tuck you in.
Guys. we're playing the game.
We call it the quiet game.
Mama DeeDee and Mama Whitney
make me watch all the kids.
all the time.
Three. two. one. go.
I can't.
I can't do this no more.
[laughs] Zuri.
These kids are the best
birth control
- that I wanted.
- Mama.
- Why do you call me Mama?
[screams]
Blending the families
at first was difficult.
It was challenging.
Our kids were not ready
for two moms and a bunch
more kids in the house.
The first time
we met each other.
you were hiding
behind the couch.
- Yeah.
- You're like...
Stop calling my name.
It's too much.
- I was scared...
- We're together.
Of her before. but now.
she's scared of me sometimes.
I'm scared of you?
All right. guys. let's go.
Come downstairs.
[indistinct chatter]
We'll be home
around 5:00 baby. Okay?
You start this one.
Everybody have
your snack and drink?
- [all] Yes.
- [Whitney] All right.
- Everybody's happy.
- Whoo-whoo!
Let's have a good day
at school. okay?
[DeeDee] We have a lot
of talks with them.
Like. "How do you feel
about us being gay?"
Come on. we gotta catch the bus.
- Thank you. baby.
- I mean. having
a blended family.
that's what you have to do.
- It's hard.
- A lot of conversations.
a lot of family talks.
and getting everybody
on the same page.
When Whitney and DeeDee
got together.
I remember being sad and angry
because in my eyes.
Whitney broke up my family.
Because in my eyes.
But after that time.
I grew to like Whitney.
I feel like she made it better.
[DeeDee] At first.
the kids did not tell
their friends
that they had two moms.
They were really embarrassed.
But now. they're more open.
- We're leaving the house.
- Bye. guys.
- Bye-bye.
- Bye.
The other day.
this kid on the bus was like.
"But she is Black.
How is she your sister?"
And I was like
"She's just my sister.
- Don't worry about it."
- Yup.
I don't really wanna tell them
because that would be
embarrassing.
Because nobody else
has two moms.
It's like they'll think they
are gay. and stuff.
At the end of the day.
we're still a family.
and we're happy.
and our kids are happy.
and that's all that matters.
- You have a great day.
- [smooches] You too.
- Are you late?
- Yeah.
- I'm always late.
- [laughter]
- [Whitney] Y'all have fun.
- Bye.
- Have a good day at work.
- [Whitney] You too. babe.
- Do I help?
- You just relax.
We want you
to just watch the kids.
[indistinct]
[DeeDee] Everybody's okay?
[girl] Yeah. we're gonna
stick our foot in it.
- Oh.
- [girl] I'm cold.
That's amazing.
Please be careful
around the water. guys.
[girl] Okay.
Babe. I'm so nervous.
I think we're gonna be
fine. though.
You really had to invite
Will. too. though?
- [DeeDee] Zamir invited him.
- Okay.
Don't you want your daddy here?
Yeah. we need a little help.
[Whitney] You want daddy
at the barbecue?
He could just hang out with him.
[Whitney] Well. hopefully.
it'll go well.
Today is about
coming together as a family.
So we decided to invite Will
and invite DeeDee's sisters.
My anxiety is a little high.
I had to invite them.
Me. LaQuana. and Davena always
had a really close bond.
It wasn't up until I met Whitney
when we started
having conflicts.
Her sisters. they'll say
exactly what they feel
no matter how it makes you feel.
[DeeDee] Oh. they're here.
They are brutal.
But they are sweet.
Ish.
[all] Coming up...
[Whitney] Oh.
these are gonna burn.
It was very awkward
to say the least.
Everything's okay.
Okay. guys.
are your eyes closed?
[all] Yes.
[Whitney] Three. two. one.
[all gasp]
- [woman] That's not the one.
- No. it's not the one.
[sighs]
Hey. guys.
Hey.
[DeeDee] I'm glad y'all came.
Yes. What we got going on?
Because y'all know
I like to eat.
[laughter]
Things with my sisters
right now are really awkward.
My sisters are very judgy.
They have a big heart. though.
- We're fishing?
- He's fishing.
We both got to fish?
[DeeDee] No. Beckham knows
how to fish.
He could teach you how to fish.
- He knows how to fish?
- No.
Oh. I thought you said he knows.
I said he can teach you
how to fish.
How? He doesn't even know.
You asked me teach you
how to fish.
I don't know how to fish.
So he could teach you
how to fish.
[LaQuana] Our sisterhood
right now is a little rocky.
It used to be
three peas in a pod.
We had a really.
really good sisterhood.
We all did everything
basically together.
- Can I take my shoes off?
- Give me two minutes.
Sure.
You should ask your auntie.
We should take our shoes off?
No. absolutely not.
[Davena]
I don't even like sand.
We a little boujee over here.
I cannot.
[girl] Thank you.
I want so badly
for Davena and LaQuana
to just accept me
into their sisterhood.
I honestly don't know why
they don't accept me.
but I do know that they
are very big on blood.
And I am just kind
of another female
that is stepping into
that territory
and it's a hard place to be in.
I'm hungry. I'm about
to start cooking.
- I wanna grill. babe.
- [DeeDee] You wanna grill?
[Whitney] Um. I can I do it?
Yeah.
[DeeDee] I ain't gonna say
no to that.
- [Whitney] Okay.
- What?
[chuckles]
I got this.
We gotta give her a chance.
[Davena] No.
We use a language
to talk about people
when it's something we
don't like.
we just go ahead and say it
and nobody knows
what we're saying.
That's cool.
It's frustrating because
I want to be involved.
so I wanna do it. too.
[Davena] Oops.
[laughing]
My sisters are being
a little mean and rude.
and it makes me really upset.
And it makes me really upset.
[Whitney] I'm gonna go cook.
Wish me luck.
- [DeeDee] All right.
- [Davena] All right. girl.
[LaQuana] Wish her luck.
Good luck.
- [Whitney] I got this.
- Be nice. She's good.
Like. she really can grill.
[Whitney] One. two. three.
four. five.
six. seven. eight. nine. 10. 11.
We need more.
Babe. you look good
on the grill.
[Davena] Looking on
the grille does not mean
- she can cook though.
- Oh. God.
Whitney cannot grill.
- At all.
- Period.
[Whitney] Oh. shoot.
[Davena] She needs some
assistance back there.
All right. I got this.
I got this.
Oh.
I felt so much pressure like
I have to cook well
because I have to impress
them and I have to
say the right things
or they're not gonna like me.
Oh. these are gonna burn.
It was like awkward
to say the least.
- Everything's okay.
- [laughter]
[DeeDee] She's not okay. guys.
Everything's fine.
[Kailynn] Dad!
Oh. you're trying
to knock me over?
I'm excited my dad's
at the barbecue today.
but he's gonna eat
all the hot dogs.
[Brooklyn]
He might not be my dad.
but he's still my friend.
Like. he always sees me.
he's like. "Hey. Brooklyn."
And I'm like. "'Sup."
- [Davena] Who that?
- [LaQuana] Brother.
[DeeDee] Will in the house.
Sexy chocolate.
It's okay. Just put this here.
All right.
I need you to start grilling.
[DeeDee] I got you.
I love Will and I was pissed
when DeeDee left Will.
like. pissed.
At the top of pissosity.
I think she had a thing for W's?
[gasps]
Weird and weirdoes.
[laughter]
Weird and weirdest.
Okay. I'm done.
[Whitney sighs]
Something smells like
it's burning.
[Davena] Because DeeDee
not cooking.
- [Will] Oh. snap.
- But Whitney's trying to impress us. though.
I think she's trying
to impress us.
but you definitely
the cook-cook for real.
- Check with our Will.
- [LaQuana] Yes.
[laughs]
What up. Will?
Hey. what's happening?
[DeeDee] Will and Whitney.
it just depends on the day.
He does like her
75 percent of the time.
the 25 percent. he's angry.
he's bitter.
and he feels
like she stole us away.
Oh. my gosh.
Okay. Just stay.
[DeeDee] Hey. guys.
the food is ready.
- [laughter]
- [Davena] Food is ready.
[Whitney] Let's go.
I'm coming.
[DeeDee] All right. y'all.
Let's eat.
Yum.
Eat. eat. eat. eat.
We need some buns. too.
I'm not like a maid or anything.
so. like. we can
come and get it.
I gave you kids.
give me a bun. please.
[laughter]
- [Davena] He gave you a...
- That's not even funny.
[laughs]
He can say whatever he want
because he did
give DeeDee these kids.
And did.
That's facts.
- How do you feel?
- If I had to say that though.
- That was very annoying.
- Its Will.
- That's him.
- You're right.
I do miss my family.
Same one with my kids.
to tell you the truth
I don't like it.
because it's what
I used to have.
- [sighs]
- Breathe.
We did make it.
Thanks for doing with.
uh. with me.
- Where?
- Get it out. Get it out.
[laughs]
Sorry. guys.
One. two. three.
four. five. six.
Five. seven. eight. nine.
let's go.
Let's go!
Where are we going?
We're gonna look
at some wedding dresses.
We're gonna go wedding
dress shopping.
- Oh.
- We are?
[DeeDee] Yeah.
[Whitney] I was ready
to propose to DeeDee
the day that I asked her
to be my girlfriend.
but she would've said no.
- so...
- She's serious.
I decided to wait.
Um. but when I got to a point
where I was really.
like. I want this girl
and I wanna show her
that I am devoted to her.
I decided to put a ring
on her finger.
Yes. babe. of course.
Just to kind of symbolize. like.
you are mine and I am...
My eyes are nowhere else.
like you are exactly what I want
and I'm dedicating
my heart to you.
[Whitney] Yes.
- A pink one?
- A pink dress?
- [Whitney] Oh.
- Hmm.
[Whitney] That's an idea.
[Dee and Whitney] Aw.
I really want a wedding
like emerald green. um. dress.
And then mommy. what do you
guys think about like
a black dress on mommy?
- I think--
- Yes.
You think I'm gonna be pretty?
- A demon?
- Oh. my goodness.
[Whitney] We have a lot
of stuff to do.
So much planning
and I'm a planner.
so I wanna know everything
and it's like every detail.
So I wanna know everything
Babe. I'm. like. nervous
to see your sisters.
You're gonna be all right.
Ever since I got with Whitney.
things have been really
tough with me and my sisters.
I invited my sisters today
because I honestly
don't see myself
doing this without them.
But this is my girl.
so they're gonna have
to just learn how to just accept
who I'm with and how she is.
[all] Coming up...
Never had a family bond.
I've never had a sister.
[DeeDee] Now. I feel like. um.
I have to choose.
But I don't wanna feel like
We're gonna need
an intervention.
[woman laughing]
Oh. my God. Look. guys.
- Are you excited?
- [boy] Whoa.
- [girl] Yes.
- [Whitney] Hi.
[boy] Dresses. dresses.
[Brooklyn] Dresses.
Whoa. look at those.
I found mommy's wedding dress.
Oh. my goodness.
I've never been
to a colorful wedding.
All the weddings
I've ever been to
- were just white.
- White.
Mommy. look. there's these two.
- They're ready.
- They're the bosses.
They are ready.
[DeeDee] You got a surprise
for me?
Oh. thank you.
Lesbian weddings are hard.
It's like. who walks the other
person down the aisle?
I don't know how it all works.
What kind of dress is she gonna
wear versus what I'm gonna wear?
Are we gonna clash?
You like that one?
The sparkles?
- Um. mommy--
- [Kailynn] You guys are gonna
- try these on?
- [Whitney] Oh. that's pretty.
And how about this one?
- Oh. yeah.
- [Kailynn] Oh. yeah.
She wants a horse-drawn
carriage.
a harp player.
and she wants a peacock.
Like. she just goes crazy.
it makes no sense.
And we're both very femme.
like we are definitely
the stereotype
of a femme lesbian.
So I'm like we both want
to have pretty diamond rings.
we both want that experience.
So those colors together...
[DeeDee] But she can't see
my dress though.
- I'm not gonna say yes.
- [girl] Mommy. Mommy.
I think that fits me
pretty well. actually.
- [woman] Hello.
- [LaQuana] Hey. girl. hey.
- Hi.
- [LaQuana] Hey. Brooklyn.
Hey. KK.
[DeeDee]
I'm glad y'all made it.
Bring it in.
Bring it in. girl.
[LaQuana] Brooklyn.
Hey. little man.
Don't do me like this.
Give me my hug.
[LaQuana] Brennan.
Why aren't they saying hi to me?
What is that? A cactus?
Are you a cactus?
[laughter]
[Whitney] It feels so awkward.
But LaQuana and Davena
are very important to DeeDee.
so I have to make this work.
- [girl] Come on.
- [Whitney] Hey. guys.
If you hear me. clap once.
Brennan. you just sit over here.
Me and mommy are gonna go
and get fitted
to see what sizes we are.
To see what sizes we are.
Beckham. on the floor. really?
They met.
they were then friends.
Then the ring.
- Then the other thing.
- And then the other ring.
[Davena] It was just like
friend. friend. dating.
kids. dogs. cats.
rabbits. engaged.
[LaQuana] It was just a lot.
A lot at one time just...
It's a lot at one time.
It's too much.
These are like my dream
color scheme.
[DeeDee] When I told my sisters
I wanted to propose to Whitney.
they was like. "Are you sure?"
They're asking so many questions.
They was like. "Are you sure?"
They thought that she
was trying to take their spot.
Uh. that's what I feel
like they think.
I cannot be this excited.
right? Right?
Right. No. you should be
this excited.
[Whitney] Okay.
All right. Whitney and DeeDee.
we're gonna go ahead
- and get started.
- [both] Okay.
Is there any of the outfits
you found?
I really like this one.
Babe. I just picked that one.
Well. you guys
both can try it on.
Like in a lesbian wedding.
can you wear the same dress?
Is that. like. acceptable?
I think it's your wedding
and if you both wanna wear
the same dress.
and there's always
different ways you can style.
Are you gonna try
and pick up my dress?
I mean...
You didn't pick it up.
I will try it on first.
I haven't had a lesbian couple
book the same appointment
and come together
at the same time before.
Simon says.
everybody come to the circle
and grab hands.
- I need help.
- [woman] I got you.
Usually. she would help me.
but she can't.
Not today.
[LaQuana] Touch your head.
I didn't say. "Simon Says."
- Hey.
I just wanna know
what's taking them so long.
[Whitney] Three. two. one.
Oh. my gosh. Can I guess?
Like. what color
are you wearing?
Purple.
I know that's a lie.
Let's go. So we can see
these dresses.
So I really wanna go
show my sisters.
I don't wanna show you.
because I'm really obsessed
- with this dress.
- [Whitney] Okay. babe.
I'm gonna close my curtain.
so I can't see you.
Hey. guys.
you're closing your eyes?
Okay. everybody.
close your eyes.
[DeeDee] All right.
I'm coming.
Don't peek yet.
All right. Y'all can open.
- [screaming]
- [DeeDee] Are you okay?
- You wanna give me a hug?
- You look pretty.
[DeeDee] I love it a lot.
like a lot. a lot.
So what do you all think?
A ten. a five?
- It's a... It's a nine. 9.5.
- [DeeDee] It's a nine?
You like it? You like that?
You just need to see
more dresses.
Okay. All right. I'll be back.
I want rainbow dress
and I want rainbow wedding.
And I want rainbow wedding.
Uh. rainbow.
If I wear a rainbow shirt.
it will show that my moms
are in love.
Okay. guys.
Are your eyes closed?
[all] Yes.
Okay. don't open them.
Not yet.
Three. two. one.
[indistinct chatter]
It's a no for 500. Alex.
Strong no.
It's a no for me.
You got the same face.
[laughs]
No. it's a no.
[LaQuana] That's not the one.
No. it's not the one.
[sighs]
[Whitney] Seeing the way that
DeeDee's sisters feel about me
is very. very hurtful.
I like the back.
The back is beautiful.
I'm also kind of bummed
that my family isn't here.
They just don't wanna be around
and it's sad.
[LaQuana] I don't like
that outfit. No.
[insects chirping]
[DeeDee] It was a little weird
going today.
Something about my sisters
just like...
When I'm talking to them.
when I see them.
when we have conflict. I just...
- Puts me here.
- I get it.
My sisters are being
a little mean and rude.
When it's all said and done.
they are my sisters.
but I love Whitney.
She's not going nowhere.
We're gonna need
an intervention.
There has to be
that back and forth
or. you know... Nothing's gonna
come out of that other than hurt.
This is not
how a healthy communication.
conversation should go.
And I don't wanna freaking cry.
It's not about me.
That's the hardest part
in all of this. is I feel like
I'm not supposed to be able
to hurt in this situation
because this is your sister
and your family.
[DeeDee] I don't know
if they're intimidated
or they think that you're
trying to break us apart.
I see your side.
I see your heart.
I know where you're coming
from when you do things.
And now I feel like.
um. I have to choose.
and if I have to choose.
like you're the person
I wanna be with forever.
But I don't wanna feel like
I have to choose.
I want you and I want them.
Like. I do understand why.
like. it's okay to cry
and be upset about it.
I've never had a family bond.
I've never had a sister.
I've never had
a close relationship
like that. and... Sorry.
To see what you had with them.
I've never had nieces
or nephews.
And I chose you.
I chose your children.
I chose your sisters.
I chose your family.
And it's hard.
[all] Coming up...
I swear I feel like you just
like push us to the sidelines.
Whitney is swallowing DeeDee.
She needs to give
- her time to breathe.
- Yes.
You treat us
as if we're not your sisters
when you can just. you know.
dispose of us when you want to.
- No. we're not down with that.
- I feel attacked.
[Davena] Because my feet
look a hot mess.
You're a magician.
Do your thing. do your thing.
Girl. are you ready to have
this conversation?
- No.
- Hmm.
I just want her to understand
how we feel.
I just think we just need to figure
it out from here because we can't
- continue to...
- No.
Be going this path
that we're going.
This shouldn't be continued.
That's the difference.
Like I said. this is just to
address the elephant in the...
- in the room and move on.
- And she's the elephant.
- In the room and move on.
[DeeDee] I wanted to invite
my sisters to the nail salon
because despite all my efforts.
they're still not being
respectful to Whitney.
and it is very important
that my sisters
are involved in my life. stay in
my life. and be a part of my life.
But we need to get everything
out on the table.
I just want her
to understand sisterhood.
because when you have sisters.
it's supposed to be important. so...
DeeDee can't separate her
relationship with her family
and then from her girlfriend.
That's our biggest issue
with her. separate them.
Also because we don't have
mommies. so I feel like
why wouldn't you keep
that bond between us?
Why wouldn't you keep
We're sisters first.
You have to be sisters first.
Like. we're all we have.
- Hey.
- [DeeDee] I'mma sit here.
- [woman speaking]
- Right here?
[woman speaking]
- [DeeDee] Thank you.
- [woman speaking]
Seems like it's the elephant
in the room.
Just a little bit...
[laughs]
I'm trying.
I feel like I'm in
a horror movie right now.
- [imitate evil laugh]
- I hate that noise.
The problem is
you're dating a female. right?
Because it's two females.
we're getting confused with...
- Yeah. I agree.
- Partners and sisters.
Every time you get around...
You got with her.
I swear I feel like you just.
like. push us to the sidelines.
Since you got with her.
I don't even have a.
"Hey. girl. let's hang out."
That's not her fault. though.
To me. it seems like it's
Whitney not allowing DeeDee
to be free or be
with her family.
To be free or be
Whitney is swallowing DeeDee.
She needs to give her
time to breathe.
Yes. That space.
I just feel like
I'm getting older
and I'm doing things different.
And there's nothing wrong
with that.
I'm not... That's not my
issue. I'm not knocking that.
But you can't get older
and do things different
and push us to the side.
That doesn't make sense to me.
It doesn't add up.
- Like. she is trying.
- That has nothing to do
with us.
That's your household.
But I just feel like I don't
have y'all to kind of vent to.
like. I went to my safe place.
Like. I went to my safe place.
Y'all was my safe place
and y'all took that way.
We wanna build
our relationship with you.
- we have issues with her.
- But I'm okay with that. too.
I still wanna protect her.
I don't want her to be
looking at as being crazy.
- She's not.
- So that's what I'm saying.
this whole victim part
and then you get upset
- what we're saying.
- [DeeDee] I never tried
to play the victim. I'm just
telling you how I'm feeling.
You always got something to say
- and every time I talk-- - So
you don't think that's victim?
Well. I feel a victim because
you're always attacking me.
Y'all do it at the same time.
Girl...
I'm not attacking you...
I feel attacked.
You are not attached by
the umbilical cord to that girl.
You are my sibling.
- She brings me happiness.
- And... But we don't?
I enjoy being around her.
- That's the problem.
- She threw herself at us.
- Right. we know.
Like. "Oh. I want...
I always want a sister."
Okay. well. we have
enough of us.
You treat us as if
we're not your sisters.
We just like your home girls
and you can just.
you know. dispose of us
when you want to.
No. we're not down with that.
[LaQuana]
How can we move forward?
What's next?
We was a puzzle.
The puzzle done broke up
into pieces.
[Davena]
We lost one of the pieces.
Now we have to put
the puzzle back together.
It's baby steps. baby steps.
We got to work on baby step.
So the first step we're trying
to make right now.
- DeeDee. is being your sister.
- [Davena] Your sister.
And then once we start
getting us together.
once we're right.
everything else
will fall into place.
We just wanted to try to work
on our sisterhood
and try to build
a relationship back with her.
So are we done?
Are we gonna work
on our relationship?
Are we gonna try to put the
pieces back together slowly?
I'm willing to work
on our relationship.
I just really want us to.
like. be aware of what
we're doing to each other.
- To me. that's it.
- Okay.
[Davena] I'm just crawling
to see where we get to.
I mean. I could see
as only going up.
because we already been down.
We're gonna hug it out.
Is that what we're gonna do?
[sighs] Okay.
I know they still have
reservations about her.
but Whitney is going
to be my wife.
So they're just gonna have
to accept her.
So I feel like we all need
each other. to be honest.
Bring it in. Bring it in.
Stop. Don't do that to me.
So as much as they think
that they don't need me.
they really do need me.
And they just like to hide it.
- [Davena] Yes. you do.
- [DeeDee] No. I don't.
Can you stop?